stop looking in the traditional places
if you want to find the biggest risks
look I'm going to show you what you need
to know right here right now the very
first thing is we're going to actually
talk about what most investors are
looking at what most people are looking
at when they watch the news and then I'm
going to show you what is actually the
biggest risk and then we can start to
dig that up and realize wait a minute if
that's the case what should I be doing
all of that in this video let's begin
first things first you're going to see
these articles now slides more than 300
points you could see it's breaking
three-day win streak over the last
little while actually the stock market
has not been performing so good compared
to where it was in the previous stretch
and why of course when you look at the
money mirror method it dictates exactly
what's happening and you can see the
amount of liquidity has gotten a little
ahead of itself at this time I'm some
people are wondering what this is all
about everybody in my mentorship group
knows exactly what we're talking about I
want to see you in the comments below
listen this is one thing you're going to
get these fluctuations that happen and
that is nothing but noise don't pay
attention to the fluctuations next home
builder sentiment drops sharply as
mortgage rates surge over seven percent
I'll show you the data next week next
month and it's going to say the complete
opposite thing these are not important
okay it's just not yes mortgage rates
increasing debt is increasing
expenditure is increasing but that does
not make it front and center what could
it be then well what about this Qualcomm
Falls most since 2020 as smart phone
slump drags on you'll get the news about
semiconductors as well on and on and on
all right you can look at it for
yourself the consumer spending the daily
Market fluctuations semiconductors
geopolitics they are all front and
center in the news and yet they are not
a factor so you gotta look at this and
start to ask the right questions well
here's a little bit of that Wells Fargo
customers report missing deposits from
their bank accounts you remember I don't
know if you saw this one but there can
be some quote-unquote glitches that
occur sometimes in the banks but that
isn't the biggest part
there's something else going on
you could see China reports Big Data
Miss in July stops releasing youth
unemployment numbers what do you do when
things get bad of course you stop
reporting just like whenever Grand was
failing you simply halt the stock and so
we can get pieces of it and start to
bring that all together for a general
message or a general trajectory
absolutely if we want to be generic
investors if we want to be reasonably
okay well then we can simply go to the
casino play the roulette and give it a
whirl
but if we want to be attentive to the
actual information out there so that we
can make the absolute best decisions
well then that's going to take an extra
step I want to talk to you about this
now a Chasm a Chasm that has formed and
we get this in many different
many different forms one of those has to
be the chasm in between the rich and the
poor or between the information that we
get in the mainstream and of course what
we actually need to know the biggest
concerns always two chess moves away not
one chess move away
you got the bank crisis what we saw with
Silicon Valley Bank svb that's one half
of it and then of course what's left
over from it we have China's real estate
China's debt the circumstance of
literally trillions of dollars at risk
right here and now I talked about it in
a recent video where there are trillions
of dollars in these local governments
the debt associated with it that they do
not have the ability to pay it back that
could be a concern and we also have
control over our resources and that's
the one I really want to touch on you
don't have control over your resources
your local government doesn't either
it's always one step higher let's see
possible Bank downgrade on the horizon
pitch rating analysts warns that dozens
of banks including JP Morgan could face
downgrades if the rating agency's
assessment of the industry's health
declines further and that means as long
as interest rates marrying High we've
got a problem here
not necessarily far on the horizon okay
so there are issues just basically
saying they might go from a double A to
a double A minus what does that mean
they start to move down these levels and
while the letters don't necessarily
matter too much it's the one rating
agency uses one and one rating agency
uses the other the point is that when
you look at it very clearly when they
start to move down a lot of the funds
that invest in them they will say we can
only invest in the absolute top let's
say or it has to be investment grade it
can't be junk or near junk and so the
further down it goes the less investable
it will become also usually when they go
down they have to offer higher rates to
become attractive and so there are even
further complications so the rating
agencies and what they do while we know
that with subprime
rating agencies aren't to be trusted but
even within that world there are
circumstances that are important at the
same time the banks there are
fundamental problems in these banks that
are being highlighted at least to some
degree with these rating agencies
they've got serious problems they cannot
fix it in fact here we go Regional Banks
slide after fed's kashgari Advocates
significantly further Capital regulation
very interesting okay because uh they
were saying hey should they be required
to have more than a hundred uh you know
for any bank that has more than 100
billion dollars in assets should we be
scrutinizing them and so on he said no
no we should go even further than that
and suddenly these companies started the
slide why is that I mean that would be a
good thing wouldn't it wouldn't it
represent strength inside of these
companies if you could say yeah we're
going to regulate late we're going to be
okay but what have I told you about
regulation it is an absolute killer to
stocks you wait if they ever
we'll see if they ever do regulation on
the tech industry oh my goodness what
about AI Watch What Happens immediate
reaction anyway to the stocks they
barely have this possibility now I mean
they seem to be very scared to regulate
the tech industry do you remember what
happened with Mark Zuckerberg
oh yeah he spent a lot of time drinking
water very unusually and they were
asking him questions they were grilling
him they made a lot of memes out of it
but nothing happened
do you see they can't regulate it they
don't even understand it they have no
understanding Earth
so this is the issue we've got this
happening with the banks they are you
know the way that it's presented to us
at least uh there is a you know
obviously a big concern here a very big
concern as interest rates rise these
things start to come to the table where
the banks that starts to form a Chasm or
let's in this case call it a sink hole
underneath them and that might not be a
concern for the depositor because it
looks like the government wants to bail
out any failure that happens but it is
an issue not just for the stakeholders
like who own the bonds and the stocks
actually it will be the people that work
for these businesses that's an absolute
fact and then you of course you got the
commercial real estate connected in with
it
you can see once again China's top
Builder Country Garden turns into a
penny stock you probably saw this before
I was covering it essentially just
saying that the real estate industry in
China is still taking a hit it's not
ever Grand one company they fixed it all
up oh no worries absolutely not in fact
what I shared recently with the local
government debt that is actually bigger
that is actually much bigger than ever
Grand and anyway the problem is still
persisting
this is another one though power
companies could remotely switch off EV
Chargers to reduce grid stress so they
are telling people that you are going to
have to own an electric vehicle we're
going to make it prohibitively expensive
for you to own a gas guzzling car and so
we are going to force you to drive an EV
and in that case there they're going to
be able to disable your charge in fact
in California
didn't they do that didn't they say you
are not allowed to charge today because
we're dealing with problem right now how
does that sound to you to not have any
control over something so basic as your
Mobility
your car what are you gonna do I need to
charge right now I need to get to work
can't do it this is a problem they can
control the resource and of course
you've got these things I'm just using
it as an examples you know in the news
worldcoin says will allow companies and
governments to use its ID system so now
you're getting people voluntarily three
million people thought it was a joke
people were saying in the comments you
don't know what in the you know what
you're talking about three million
people signed up and got their eyeball
scanned without even knowing what it is
three million people
now if you don't think that's
significant oh yeah let's divide it by
the total population yeah I get it on
the first day three million people
so what's gonna happen as the years go
on Central Bank digital currencies roll
out people are getting used to you know
their face scans on their iPhones one
thing after another millions and
millions and millions of people the
younger generation are already opting
into these things we're talking about
millions of people that are in here and
now the government is going to have that
Iris scan connecting in with it they'll
be able to shut your money off they
don't like what you're doing or how
about this
social credit score enabling that these
are not theories they've actually stated
that they're doing it I'm telling you
right here it's this is not a theory
this is not some wild dream of somebody
no not at all these are the
circumstances we're running through
right now they're trying to implement
the Central Bank digital currency they
want everybody on it why they've said it
they've made it very clear Klaus Schwab
all the big boys at the world economic
Forum have said it they want to be able
to control everybody so that we can have
rainbows and unicorns and kittens well
maybe they didn't say that last part all
right so
what do we got
heat War export bands Global Food
threats are on the rise just saying that
of course you know the concern about the
food supply is is really evident today
um places are drying up other places are
you know they're just floods there's
sinkholes I mean I'm seeing all kinds of
different things that are going on uh
wildfires in places that they never had
wildfires before
strange stuff is going on that's for
sure okay and so what I wanted to
highlight was how do you thrive how do
you how do you prosper doing these times
right do we just give up do we just sit
down and take it no of course not
absolutely not and so what do we got to
do number one we got to diversify where
your money is kept if you got it in one
single bank if you got it on one single
account my goodness my goodness even
though I believe this is just my opinion
that they are going to bail out anything
even above what is FDIC or in Canada
cdic or anywhere else around the world
where the government would step in and
ensure you well I think they're actually
going to go above and beyond that at
least that's what it sounded like that's
one aspect but also having your money in
different places too different places
around the world and even not keeping
your money in accounts unless you intend
on spending that money so even for my
business accounts
when I've got a pile of cash in there
the only reason is it's temporarily
being built up to then deploy somewhere
else deployed on inventory deployed on
new systems whatever the case is it's
it's yeah it's there but it's going to
be spent in the near future it needs to
be liquid so that's one thing okay very
important stuff and then you got to do
something else you got to diversify your
income sources this is something that
people do not do they're scared to do it
they don't have the education behind it
I've got a lot of information about that
mentorship group knows exactly what I'm
talking about I think they're tired of
hearing me talk about that but it is
true because we got to diversify our
income sources and let me tell you when
that does happen you sleep better at
night all right very quickly I wanted to
highlight the comment of the day and
I've been uh playing around with this
this was an interesting one of
um Midway here John Shin I was watching
you in 2019 and remember the economy was
is on the way down before the situation
of 2020 you know what I'm talking about
and that is absolutely true because what
I was basically trying to say was the
economy of 2019 starts to slide down
they presented the repo crisis that was
a bank crisis that was going on maybe
just maybe we're getting some of the
remnants uh you know of that happen okay
who knows I want to thank you John for
your comment I want to also just
highlight this for a second this is a
cool thing
um this is a you know I pinned it at the
top but get summarized video extension
cool stuff I don't know if anyone has
any feedback on this but I put it in the
timestamps as well
if people like that let me know I want
to know if people like that more
detailed timestamp do you even care do
people look at that I'm interested to
know what you're thinking if you're not
already joined over 1 000 people 1 000
people communicating every single day
and if you want to hear from me directly
get on Discord Discord is the place to
be build up this community have the
solutions write down their link is below
click Discord I'll see you there